# Mutualism Investments Project

## About Project Mutualism
* The purpose of Mutualism’s online portals is so people can access financial services and business growth tools. South Africa has thousands of SMMEs operating informally from book keeping, to management, to saving, and learning — we hope to offer an environment where that is made easy. 

* Our goal is to build a robust database of applicants (Verified ID, business plan, (financials if existing, location etc) that are looking to develop small businesses. With a healthy database of applicants (many hooked up to financials which we can view), we will be to serve as an intermediary (or fund) for the private sector to sustainably invest in Township SMMEs across SA & beyond.  

## To Do List
- [x] About Mutualism Investments
- [x] Systems users/actors 
- [ ] Use Case Sets and Requirements
- [ ] Entity Relational Diagram (ERD)
- [ ] Data Dictinary Extracts

## Users/Actors
* Partners (Invested SMMEs): Partners are for users who have succefully received financing from Mutualism.
* Users/Applicants
* Consultants

**Class** : Partner\
**Attributes** : 
* Name
* Mobile Number 
* Email Address 

**Class** : Location\
**Attributes** : 
* Country
* Province 
* Postal code 

**Class** : Goals\
**Attributes** : 
* Comment
* Owner 
* Priority
* Status
* Date
* Time Estimation

## Use Case Sets and Requirements
Use cases are sets of actions, services, and functions that the system needs to perform. A use case set for a system is a tabular representation of the relationship between the user and the different use cases in which the user is involved, it also shows the relationships that the use cases have with each other. 

## Entity Relational Diagram (ERD)
The entity relational diagram (ERD) shows a graphical presentation of database that depicts the relationships among actors (System users). The relationship between thee entities are linked using the primary and foreign keys.

## System Sequence Diagrams
A System Sequence Diagram presents sequences for specific use cases and describe interactions between the user and the system in terms of an exchange of messages over time. It shows the details of events that are generated by actors from outside the system and gives detail on how operation are carried out.

## Data Disctinary Extract
The data dictionary shows set of data describing the scope, format, type, description and the relationship between the attributes. It is used to control access to and manipulation of the datastore.


